Add documentation for triagebot `[no-mentions]` handler (#827)
rust-lang/rust-forge: src/triagebot/no-mentions.md

# No Mentions (in commits)

> GitHub permits having mentions (eg. `@user`) in commits, and while it's sometimes useful it's almost ended-up spamming the mentioned users, in particular as the commits are being rebased, cherry-picked or pushed.

Reviewer: `it's almost ended-up` - this sounds like it's missing something?

Author: yeah, should be: `it almost always ends-up`

> This handler trie to prevent those mentions by putting a warning in the PR against them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This handler tries to prevent those mentions by putting a warning in the PR against them.
```

## Configuration

> This feature is enabled on a repository by having a `[canonicalize-issue-links]` table in `triagebot.toml`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature is enabled on a repository by having a `[no-mentions]` table in `triagebot.toml`:
```
